Add instructions for exercises (#11)
lunatech-labs/lunatech-scala-2-to-scala3-course: exercise_002_top_level_definitions/README.md

## Background

Dotty now has support for `Top Level Definitions`. In short, these replace Scala

> 2's `package object`s. And all kinds of definitions can be written at the top level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2's `package object`s. Definitions such as methods, [given] values, type aliases,
extension methods can be written at the top level.
```
